Xiaolong, I’m sorry,
This woman of mine has spoiled me,
There are no rules at all.
It's okay. He also said that I am most hurt by the good-tuned education and the chicken-waisted fox nature.
A person with a tough and tough temper.
Although you are a treasure, I can see strong deception in you.
It will definitely become a big bully in the future.
I will try my best and won't let you down.
OK, but the video is pretty cool on this.
How about this? I'll ask you to be a security guard in our company first.
Mr. An Zhongbao, he is gradually becoming more beautiful,
What do you think?
He also said that you saved me and my mother back then
Beating people without mercy
what do you need me to do now
All is ok
I think it's normal
Sure enough, I didn’t see the wrong person.
That's right
Then I'll go back to see her mother first
I will go to the company tomorrow to report that my mother, Laolong, is back. My son is back.
Seriously, where have you been today?
Some news for you
You don’t even give it to me, your mother
I've been doing some things abroad in the past few years
No way to contact you
Just come back and ask for help
Come back this time and won’t leave, right?
Aren't you leaving? I plan to
Overnight company in Dabaoan
You said it, you said it too
It's our place, why don't you stay the night?
That's great. Hurry up and make money.